Add Advanced Mode requirement for Network (#18057)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/network.markdown

  - '@home-assistant/core'
---

> This integration provides network configuration for integrations such as [Zeroconf](/integrations/zeroconf/). It is managed by going to **{% my general title="Configuration >> General" %}** and is only available to users with "Advanced Mode" enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration provides network configuration for integrations such as [Zeroconf](/integrations/zeroconf/). It is managed by going to **{% my general title="Configuration >> General" %}** and is only available to users that have "Advanced Mode" enabled on their {% my profile title="user profile" %}.
```
